Problem 11. Programming Languages
Perform a research (e.g. in Google or Wikipedia) and provide a short list with information about the most popular programming languages. How similar are they to C#? How do they differ from C#?
Write in a text file called “programming-languages.txt” at least five languages along with 2-3 sentences about each of them.



Some of the most popular programming languages are Java, C, C++, C#, Python, JavaScript, PHP, Ruby, SQL, etc.


1. Java

Java is a class-based, object-oriented language specifically designed to have as few implementation dependencies as possible.
Once the code is written it can be run on any platform without being recompiled. Java and C# are similar, both are class-based and object-oriented, in both all objects are references, both use garbage collection, have built-in Unicode support, and only allow single inheritance. The main difference is that Java can be run on any operating system, while C# typically requires Windows and the .NET framework.

2. C

C is a high-level and general purpose programming language that is ideal for developing firmware or portable applications. 
Ranked among the most widely used languages, C has a compiler for most computer systems and influenced many popular languages - 
C++, D, Java, JavaScript, C#, Objective-C, Perl, PHP, Python, etc.
Both C and C++ present a lower level of abstraction that provides a breadth of access to underlying machine functionality 
that are not necessarily exposed with other languages. C# provides a managed memory model that adds a higher level of abstraction
that adds convenience and improves development times, but complicates access to lower level APIs and makes specialized 
performance requirements problematic. The syntax of C# is much simpler and prone than C/C++ and is easier for learning.

3. Python

Python is a widely used general-purpose, high-level programming language. Its design philosophy emphasizes code readability, 
and its syntax allows programmers to express concepts in fewer lines of code than would be possible in languages such as C++ or Java.
Python supports multiple programming paradigms, including object-oriented, imperative and functional programming or procedural styles. 
It features a dynamic type system and automatic memory management
Python projects are often open-source, web-based, and/or cross-platform. Python has a larger user base on mac and unix-based platforms.
C# projects are often proprietary, windows-based applications. There's very few non-windows C# projects.

4. JavaScript

JavaScript is a dynamic programming language that is most commonly used as part of web browsers, whose implementations allow client-side scripts to interact with the user, control the browser, communicate asynchronously, and alter the document content that is displayed. The major differences between JS and C# are that JS can be run on any platform, directly in any browser and is interpreted as opposed to compiled, and that JS is not object-oriented and class-based. Also there is no need to specify variable types like int, long, string etc.

5. PHP

PHP is a server-side scripting language designed for web development but also used as a general-purpose programming language.
The major differences between PHP and C# is that PHP is a dynamic and interpreted while C# is static and needs to be compiled.
